.TH FHGETSELF 1 "24-Apr-2015"
.SH NAME
.PP
FHGetSelfTL \- calculate the renormalized 2L Higgs self-energies
.SH SYNOPSIS (Fortran version)
.PP
integer error
.br
double complex k2
.br
integer key, dkey, ren
.br
double complex sig(13), dsig(13)
.sp
integer h0h0, HHHH, A0A0, HmHp
.br
integer h0HH, h0A0, HHA0
.br
integer G0G0, h0G0, HHG0, A0G0
.br
integer GmGp, HmGp
.br
parameter (h0h0 = 1, HHHH = 2, A0A0 = 3, HmHp = 4)
.br
parameter (h0HH = 5, h0A0 = 6, HHA0 = 7)
.br
parameter (G0G0 = 8, h0G0 = 9, HHG0 = 10, A0G0 = 11)
.br
parameter (GmGp = 12, HmGp = 13)
.br
#define Key(se) 2**(se-1)
.sp
subroutine FHGetSelfTL(error, k2, key, sig, dkey, dsig, ren)
.SH SYNOPSIS (Mathematica version)
.PP
FHGetSelfTL[k2, key, dkey, ren]
.SH DESCRIPTION
FHGetSelfTL returns the renormalized 2L Higgs self-energies at momentum-squared
k2.  The flags and parameters must have been set before with FHSetFlags(1)
and FHSetPara(1).
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B error (output)
zero if successful, otherwise the line number in GetSelf.F from which
the error message was emitted
.TP
.B k2 (input)
the momentum-squared k^2 at which the self-energies are evaluated.
.TP
.B key (input)
a flag determining which of the self-energies are actually evaluated,
e.g. to evaluate the h0-h0 self-energy, add Key(h0h0) to key.
.TP
.B dkey (input)
a flag determining which of the derivatives of the self-energies
are actually evaluated, e.g. to evaluate the derivative of the h0-h0
self-energy, add Key(h0h0) to dkey.
.TP
.B ren (input)
whether the unrenormalized (0) or renormalized (1) self-energies
are output.
.TP
.B sig(h0h0), sig(HHHH), sig(A0A0), sig(HmHp) (output)
the h0, HH, A0, and Hp self-energies at k^2 = k2.
.TP
.B sig(h0HH), sig(h0A0), sig(HHA0) (output)
the h0-HH, h0-A0, and HH-A0 mixing self-energies at k^2 = k2.
.TP
.B sig(G0G0), sig(h0G0), sig(HHG0), sig(A0G0) (output)
the neutral Goldstone self-energies at k^2 = k2.
.TP
.B sig(GmGp), sig(HmGp) (output)
the charged Goldstone self-energies at k^2 = k2.
.TP
.B dsig(i) (output)
the derivatives of the self-energies with respect to k^2 at k^2 = k2,
where the index i runs as for the sig(i).
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
libFH(1)
