.TH FHSETSMPARA 1 "25-Jan-2017"
.SH NAME
.PP
FHSetSMPara \- set the FeynHiggs SM input parameters
.SH SYNOPSIS (Fortran version)
.PP
integer error
.br
double precision invAlfa0, invAlfaMZ, AlfasMZ, GF
.br
double precision ME, MU, MD, MM, MC, MS, ML, MB
.br
double precision MW, MZ, GammaW, GammaZ
.br
double precision CKMlambda, CKMA, CKMrhobar, CKMetabar
.sp
subroutine FHSetSMPara(error,
.br
  invAlfa0, invAlfaMZ, AlfasMZ, GF,
.br
  ME, MU, MD, MM, MC, MS, ML, MB,
.br
  MW, MZ, GammaW, GammaZ,
.br
  CKMlambda, CKMA, CKMrhobar, CKMetabar)
.SH SYNOPSIS (Mathematica version)
.PP
FHSetSMPara[invAlfa0, invAlfaMZ, AlfasMZ, GF,
.br
  ME, MU, MD, MM, MC, MS, ML, MB,
.br
  MW, MZ, GammaW, GammaZ,
.br
  CKMlambda, CKMA, CKMrhobar, CKMetabar]
.SH DESCRIPTION
FHSetSMPara sets up the SM inputs for FeynHiggs.  All of these parameters
have default values so it is optional to call FHSetSMPara.  If
FHSetSMPara is called, it must be called before FHSetPara.

Substituting -1 for any argument uses its default value.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B error (output)
zero if successful, otherwise the line number in SetPara.F from
which the error message was emitted.
.TP
.B invAlfa0, invAlfaMZ (input)
the inverse electromagnetic coupling constant at q^2 = 0, MZ^2.
.TP
.B AlfasMZ (input)
the strong coupling constant at MZ.
.TP
.B GF (input)
the Fermi constant.
.TP
.B ME, MM, ML (input)
the on-shell electron, muon, tauon mass.
.TP
.B MU, MD, MS (input)
the up, down, and strange quark masses at 2 GeV.
.TP
.B MC, MB (input)
the charm mass at MC and bottom mass at MB.
.TP
.B MW, MZ (input)
the W and Z masses.
.TP
.B GammaW, GammaZ (input)
the W and Z widths.
.TP
.B CKMlambda, CKMA, CKMrhobar, CKMetabar (input)
the CKM input parameters in Wolfenstein parameterization.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
libFH(1)
